feat(K8s): Added changes for gather info related to v2 (#17994)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/kubernetes-pixie/kubernetes-integration/advanced-configuration/configure-control-plane-monitoring.mdx

[New Relic](/docs/infrastructure/new-relic-infrastructure/getting-started/introduction-new-relic-infrastructure) provides [control plane](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/components/#control-plane-components) support for your Kubernetes integration, allowing you to monitor and collect metrics from your cluster's control plane components. That data can then be found in New Relic and used to [create queries and charts](/docs/using-new-relic/data/understand-data/query-new-relic-data).

<Callout variant="tip">

>   Unless otherwise specified, this page refers to the [Kubernetes integration v3](/docs/kubernetes-pixie/kubernetes-integration/advanced-configuration/k8s-version2/changes-since-v3). Details on how to configure control plane monitoring for v2 can be found in a specific section below.

Reviewer: I would change "can be found in a specific section below" to the actual section and section title

Author: Good catch!! Thank you!!

You can recognize the control plane nodes by checking the `node-role.kubernetes.io/controlplane` label. This label is already taken into account by the integration default affinity rules.

> See [Monitoring control plane with integration version 2](/docs/kubernetes-pixie/kubernetes-integration/advanced-configuration/k8s-version2/k8s-version2/#monitoring-control-plane), if you're using v2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using version 2 of the integration, see [Monitoring control plane with integration version 2](/docs/kubernetes-pixie/kubernetes-integration/advanced-configuration/k8s-version2/k8s-version2/#monitoring-control-plane).
```

Author: Done.

To create an mTLS secret, please follow the steps in [this section below](#mtls-how-to-openshift), and then configure the integration to use the newly created secret as described in [the mtls section](#mtls).

> See [OpenShift configuration on Integration version 2](/docs/kubernetes-pixie/kubernetes-integration/advanced-configuration/k8s-version2/k8s-version2/#openshift-configuration), if you're using v2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using version 2 of the integration, see [Kubernetes logs in version 2](/docs/kubernetes-pixie/kubernetes-integration/advanced-configuration/k8s-version2/k8s-version2/#openshift-configuration).
```
